welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called the sand
from 2015. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
scene of a beach party some people were
partying there
therefore a guy named mitch put all of
their phones into a bag so no one can
post anything on the internet with their
phone
later they found a strange and creepy
thing near the beach and they broke it
they had so much fun on the beach the
whole night the next day they saw a girl
named kaylee she just woke up she felt
something strange on the beach
meanwhile all the other people also woke
up
and right after waking up shonda kissed
jonah but jonah stopped her and they
tried to wake marsha
she was totally naked on the table
after waking marsha she started vomiting
kaylee noticed a seagull on the sand but
suddenly the seagull got swallowed by
the sand
kaley got scared after seeing this and
she told marsha not to walk on the sand
but since marsha was so drunk she didn't
care about what kaylee said so she put
her feet on the sand
her leg got stuck in the sand and she
tried really hard to take it out with
her hand
but surprisingly her hand got stuck in
the sand as well
she got scared and started screaming
after seeing this all the people were
shocked
vance ran toward her to help her even
though ronnie told him not to go near
her
but he also got stuck in the sand and
fell on the ground
jonah tried to start the car to help
them but the car was not starting but
mitch threw a rope towards them so they
could save their lives by holding onto
the rope
but it was too late because the sand was
eating vance alive
his face was melting slowly due to the
sand eating his face
and he was in so much pain
in a moment his whole body got swallowed
by the sand
no one had any idea about what was
actually happening here all of them were
scared about it mitch told everyone that
vance might have died but all of us are
still alive and we will surely get out
of here safely he told jonah to start
the car but after trying many times the
car didn't start then kaylee put her
hand above the sand and they noticed
some strange movements in the sand in
the next scene we saw gilbert and he was
trapped inside a trash can
after he woke up he told everyone to
help him get out of the trash can
but they told him not to move and also
told him there's something very strange
in the sand if you fall in it he will
die but he didn't believe them and
thought they were doing a prank on him
mitch told him not to worry and they
will get help in two hours
he just needed to wait two hours to get
out of there he agreed with them but
when kaylee asked mitch why did you tell
him that mitch told her this will give
him hope because if he does not have any
hope to get out of the trash can then he
will move and thus he will die from the
sand
they were stuck on the beach
kaylee told them last night we had a
party on this beach everything was fine
then but today the beach has changed
they noticed all the other people of the
party had died except for them and they
were safe because they were not touching
the sand all of them became upset about
it on the other hand gilbert was feeling
so much pain and he started screaming at
them and told them to take him out of
the trash can jonah gave him some
sunscreen to put on his body so he can
feel good from the sun
meanwhile they noticed that creepy
strange thing that they found last night
it was broken in two halves and they
realized it was actually an egg and they
confirmed some kind of monster had come
out of the egg people are dying after
getting in touch with the sand kaley
threw a hot dog on the sand to check the
size of the monster and they found out
it was so big in size and it was spread
all over the beach jonah wanted to check
on it but shonda told him not to go
there and ronnie told them no one will
ever come to see them here because the
people who died here earlier no one came
to see them either jonah used two
surfboards to walk on the sand and this
idea of his worked very well but when he
reached the table his surfboard slipped
away he tried to manage the situation
but then some kind of dangerous creature
came out of the sand and they attacked
him but he didn't lose hope and he
somehow got on the table but he noticed
his belly was badly injured by the
creature
the other people got scared after seeing
this
but still jonah kept checking the bag to
find useful things he found a banana in
the bag and he tried to eat it but then
he started vomiting and all of them
looked at his belly and saw it was
melting jonah got scared after seeing
this
kaylee talked to him and told him to
give the food inside the bag to them he
gave them drinks from the bag and his
belly was melting rapidly when he threw
the drink to mitch his belly got
stretched and started bleeding he was
feeling so much pain in his belly and
laid down on the table
he told kaylee he loves her a lot kaylee
got emotional after hearing this after
that they remembered about their phones
and the phones were in the trunk of the
car and they need to get down from the
car to get to the trunk but still they
tried to open the trunk from the car
but they could not open it they tried to
open the trunk with the help of shonda
but since the trunk was stuck to
ronnie's leg she was not able to open it
shonda thought she could not open the
trunk
ronnie told her that i need your help to
open the trunk because i cannot stand
here any longer shonda gave him a
blanket to hold onto and open the trunk
but still she failed kaylee told her to
open the trunk with a fish catcher
this time ronnie was able to open the
trunk
meanwhile the beach patrol also came
there because of the sound of their car
ronnie got distracted and slipped
therefore her finger got stuck in the
trunk and she started to scream in pain
on the other side kaylee gilbert and
mitch told the beach police not to get
out of their car and tried to tell them
everything
but they didn't listen to them they
thought maybe they were on drugs they
got out of their car even though they
told them not to
they were walking in the sand after
seeing this kaylee and her friends were
surprised because the sand was not
harming them at all when they went to
jonah they felt very strange
they tried to take out gilbert from the
trash can but since he was so heavy they
were not able to take him out they told
him wait for some time my team will come
here and help you get out of this can
when they were trying to get ronnie's
fingers out of the trunk they got angry
at kaylee and her friends because they
were not helping her at all but kaylee
also got mad at them and the supervisor
went to kaylee
kaylee told him two of their friends
have already died there but the
supervisor asked her to show their dead
bodies
kaylee told him the beach had eaten
their bodies
after hearing this the supervisor got
mad at them and told them to come down
kaylee tried to tell him it is not safe
for them to get down there but the
supervisor didn't listen to them and he
tried to pull out his gun but somehow
his keys fell on the ground kaley told
him not to pick it up but he still
attempted to pick it up but before he
could pick up the keys his hand got
stuck in the sand and the supervisor got
scared after seeing this
kaylee saw he had pepper spray with him
and told him to spray it on the sand but
when he sprayed the pepper spray on the
sand and tried to take his hand out of
the sand he saw that his hand was cut
off he started screaming after seeing
this and fell on the sand
kaley went there and picked up the
pepper spray and in front of their eyes
the body of the supervisor got eaten by
the sand
mitch told her he needs a towel to get
out of there because the supervisor was
able to walk on the sand because of his
shoes
he tried to catch the towel but the
railing broke and he fell down on the
sand and many tentacles came out of the
sand and started to drink his blood
and it ate his whole body in front of
their eyes
all of them became very sad after seeing
this
but kaylee showed bravery and she told
shonda to pick up the railing kaylee
gave her another railing kaylee jumped
in the car
after jumping on the car she punched
shonda in the face because last night
she had sex with jonah
they tried to take ronnie's fingers out
from the trunk and they were successful
ronnie was crying in pain because of
this and kaylee wrapped her hand with a
towel so she would bleed less
gilbert was also in a very bad situation
he was bleeding since he was stuck in
the trash can for so long
the tentacles in the sand were getting
attracted towards his blood on the other
side
shonda used the railing to get to jonah
and shonda was able to get to him
kaylee told ronnie to get out of there
but kaylee told her she was bleeding and
if the blood fell in the sand it would
attract them
that's why you need to go first
kaylee went to jonah after her ronnie
was trying to get to jonah as well but
after going a little blood fell on the
sand and she lost her balance and fell
in the sand and died
in the next scene many tentacles were
getting inside gilbert's trash can
because his blood was falling on the
sand shonda wrapped a bag and towel on
her feet and went to the car of the
supervisor on the other side the
tentacles went inside gilbert's trash
can and it started to shake but suddenly
the can stopped shaking and some creepy
hands of the monster came out and they
pulled him inside the can and he died as
well
from this we found out now the monster
was getting stronger the monster
attacked the car and shonda fell on the
car due to this fall shonda fainted
kaylee got worried about this shonda
woke up at night and she took jonah
inside the car with the help of an air
bathtub but when kaylee went inside the
car the monster attacked her and she
closed the door of the car
in the next scene kaylee got on the
rooftop of the car and she found two gas
cans
but when she took one in her hand the
monster took it away from her but kaylee
took the second gas can in her hand and
spread it all around the sand she lit
the sand on fire since the monster also
got drenched by gas it also caught on
fire when kaylee went back to the car
the monster tried to open the door
kaylee closed the door somehow
slowly the monster went down in the sand
and they fell asleep in the car as well
the next morning a man came there and
woke them this time when kaylee came out
of the car she was scared but when she
put her feet on the sand she felt that
the monster had died both of them came
out of the car and left the beach
jonah was also dead and the monster was
in the ocean
and it was going towards the city
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks